01)	Counter-Bully Chat-Bot:
	We've built a chatbot that helps the students in institutions fight back against the misbehaviour done with them, and reply the bullting case non-violently.

02)	We are students from 10th grade, and by this time every contemporary understands the importance support from the society. We have seen many bullying cases, whether in picturisation or live, and they deeply disturb the victims mind, which is not very healthy thing to happen. Thus, to take neccessary actions against this we have made a Counter-Bully Chat-bot which we think will help the buds blossum.

03)	Our project addresses some United Nations Sustainable Development Goals, that those tend to be - Good health and Well-being, and peace, Justice and Strong Institutions.

04)	In our project, basically, the person who's bullied and talking to our AI enabled chatbot, the chatbot would be able to find the mood of the user as if he's angry or sad and will respond according to the mood of the user and the words used by the user.

05)	We want no one to feel left out or sad because of someone who is bullying him or her. Bullying is a serious problem, as vigorous harassment can lead one to take one's life or someone else's. Because a person is bullied, he stops enjoying his life, and his mind is always thinking about a matter that doesn't allow him to concentrate on things that are more important to his life. We can prevent Bullying through our chatbot. Human beings have a tendency to talk or type very well when they are angry or depressed so our chatbot can talk with the bullying person and help him solve the problem. We try to resolve the issue in the aftermath via a few councelling sessions with involved persons/students.

06)	[VIDEO]

07)	We liked the CBSE-IBM AI ENABLED SEWA Program because it helped us to think beyond our level of thinking and to develop something that would benefit society and the world.

08)	We personlly have the AI vision for the future as:
	Mass district monitoring and security systems powered by the most efficient AI companies in the world, just like the CTos (only for good use, though) as described in the famous game series - Watch_Dogs